Fellow guys in today's lesson we're going to show you one more thing we can do with the world's best
widget areas.
In previous lessons we used this widget airiest tribute sidebars to sidebars one for the home page and
another for the blog page.
But you can have more than simple sidebars.
Don't let the name fool you.
Today you're going to be creating three widget areas to used the service section here.
Notice here that in the service section we got three items each of them is made up by the same elements
an image a header in a paragraph fortnightly.
WordPress has all the features that allows us to create this area and we can do that just by clicking
and dragging elements.
There is a widget that allows us to insert an image and there there's also a widget that allows us to
create an area with a header and a totally customized content.
So why not use these widgets to create all this here.
One feature I've always missed in wordpress is a native widget that future or what you see is what you
get site editing area.
There are several places on the dashboard where this type of editor is there by default.
For example in The Post editor but into Version 4.7 there was no native way to do the same thing from
this version 4.7 new widgets were added include formatted text images video and audio all of them are
resources that the Wordpress community requested and that until then were only possible to implement
using plugins.
Great but enough is not all can.
Let's get down to business.
The first thing we're going to do is use the HCM mail markup of the service section.
First of all let's open up the page home that page be file and we want to remove this word here.
I'm going to use the Emmets extension to speed up my work as you all know.
You can write everything faster with it.
I just IPN the classes I need and then hit the tab key.
Now before the start of the row I'm going to create a new header and then this row I'm going to create
the markup for the three elements I need to place here.
By doing this I create all three divs all of them with column sizes I want and now gigolos out within
each div.
I'm going to create a new div with the services I get in class.
I can easily do this by holding the control key or a command on a Mac like in like this and typing the
code for the three things at once.
OK excellent.
I already have the required markup.
Now let's create the three areas in the functions file as open up that file and now to create the three
new widget areas.
Just copy and paste.
This last portion here three times.
Just be careful not to copy anything wrong.
For example we have a copy from the word register a sidebar to the semicolon here
OK.
Now we just change the values for name ID and description arguments of each of these areas.
Let's leave the HCM wrappers the way they are OK and save everything.
Now go back to the Wordpress dashboard head over to the appearance menu widgets and now we have our
three new widget areas.
Now it's pretty easy.
We just have to know what widgets we need to visually compose our service section for all that we just
need to.
Very simple native widgets.
One of them is this one image and the other one the text widget Let's click and drag the first widget
to the first widget area.
See that it allows me to add a title and upload an image.
In our case I don't need a title.
I live it Auntie and disciplined in image to complete the design of this area.
I already have three images ready each with the width and height of 200 pixels.
So I'll go ahead and grab this first image.
OK now let's drag the text widget this time I'm going to add a title which should work as a heading
element for my design.
And here the content I'm going to paste any text.
Ok I'll save this here.
Let's go back to the page home page be filed and we want to say the following.
Open PH BE tax if it's active sidebar.
And what is the name of the first widget area.
It's services one
dynamic sidebar and the we just Area name again
let's copy this here and call the next widget areas.
I save this here and refresh the theme home page look you already have all the elements of the first
widget area here.
Excellent isn't it.
Well since it worked.
Let's go back to the widgets manager and do the same for the next widget areas.
Our speed up the video a bit.
OK.
Now back to the thing
excellent.
We now have all the elements of the services section here on the page.
All the images all the headings and the content.
Of course it's a bit ugly but that's something we can solve easily with a bit of success.
As I've mentioned since the beginning of the course we will not focus here on CSX only on features that
relate directly to WordPress.
So in the next lesson you'll see this year changes I'll be a plane.
But of course any changes I make here will be in the files I'll make available for download anyway.
Don't miss the next lesson as we're going to learn how to create a custom loop within WordPress.
Simply one of the most interesting subjects so far in this course.
That being said I'll wait for you in the next lesson and then by.